Docs for development of CometAdmin (#510)
vivid-planet/comet: packages/admin-stories/src/docs/development/CreateAComponentWithThemeSupport.stories.mdx

import { Meta } from "@storybook/addon-docs/blocks";

<Meta title="Docs/Development/Create a component with theme support" />

# Create a component with theme support

Material-UI supports overriding of styles and default props of components using the theme.  

> Using the same method it should also be possible to override all CometAdmin components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the same method it should also be possible to override all @comet/admin components.
```

CometAdmin? @comet/admin? Comet Admin? We should use a consistent name in the docs.

## Example component

_MyComponent: `packages/admin/src/MyComponent.tsx`_

```tsx
import { CometColor } from "@comet/admin-icons";
import { Theme, Typography } from "@material-ui/core";
import { createStyles, WithStyles, withStyles } from "@material-ui/styles";
import clsx from "clsx";
import * as React from "react";

/*
 * The theme-overridable props type should be named after the component, followed by "Props".
 * Make sure the type is also exported in the packages index.ts, it may need to be extended in the application.
 */
export interface MyComponentProps {
    title: React.ReactNode;

>     children?: React.ReactNode;

Reviewer 2: You could use React.PropsWithChildren as well
